QA ASSIGNMENT

Name : HIMANSHI NEGI

1. Write the Scenarios for Calculator.
● Verify that the calculator performs basic arithmetic operations correctly like addition,
subtraction etc.
● If it is a scientific calculator then verify if it also handles logarithmic, trigonometric,
factorial and decimal operations and provides accurate results.
● Verify the functionality of memory buttons such as M+, M-, MC, MR. Also check if the
calculator returns correct results after.
● Check if the calculator correctly applies the BODMAS rule, check if it returns the correct
result while applying square, square root function, percentage button.
● Check the error handling, if the calculator is generating error messages when dividing by
zero or performing invalid operations.
● Verify that clear functions C and AC work as expected.
● Verify that the display and the readability is clear under different lighting conditions to
avoid confusions.
● Check floating point precision for both small and large numbers.
● Check if the calculator handles overflow of variables or not.
● Check buttons exactly pass the values that are pressed by the users.
● Check on the battery life of the calculator as per the specificationsṭ

2. Write the Scenarios for Watch.
● Verify that the watch displays the correct time and it must be accurate.
● Check if the watch correctly displays the date and it must handle the leap year.
● Verify the alarm functions in the clock, make sure the setting, editing and cancelling
functions work properly.
● Verify the stopwatch function as well. Check if the stop, pause, start and reset
functionalities work properly.
● If there is backlight functionality , then check if it turns off/on correctly and if it is usable
in low light conditions.
● Check the durability of the watch against the scratches, impacts and other physical
damages.
● Test the functionality for setting different time zones.
● Check upon the battery life as per the specifications.
● If it is a smartwatch, check connectivity features like bluetooth, WI-Fi, etc. Also check
notification functionalities or alerts are properly working. Moreover check its fitness
tracking features like heart rate monitoring , step count, etc.
● Ensure that the buttons in the watch are responsive and functional

3. Write the Scenarios for Sign up page of Gmail or Flipkart.
● Verify all the mandatory fields such as Name, Email, Password are clearly indicated and
understandable and must be filled before submissions.
● Make sure that the email address field only accepts valid email formats and shows error
for invalid emails.
● Verify that the password field checks for minimum length, complexity(letters, numbers
and special characters) and does not allow commonly used passwords.
● Check “confirm password” matches the “password” field, and also shows an error if it
doesn’t.
● Ensure that users must accept terms and condition fields before creating an account.
● Captcha verification should also be on point to proceed signing up.
● Verify that error messages should display clear for all the invalid entries.
● Check the system doesn’t allow duplicate email addresses or phone numbers which are
already registered.
● Check whether the radio buttons or dropdowns work perfectly with all the options added.
● Check if the OTP verification process for mobile numbers is smooth.
● Test if fields like email or username provide autofill and suggestion options based on
user input.
● Ensure that the sign-up page loads within a limited timeframe.
● Verify security of the data and make sure it is transmitted securely using https and that
there are no vulnerabilities or data loss.
● Ensure that a user can successfully create an account and receive a confirmation email
or message.
● Check that the sign-up page is accessible to users with disabilities, including screen
reader compatibility, use of strong tag for instance and keyboard navigation.
